» SS ty 4 Ss ee q
tt a" ” PEM bp ee Sua» | ese MN IT Ma
, | 7} es . bee Ny haf 4 PAY AR a it
+h hie | 4 % 3 é a ee ps ' iif AAA bs
i Peis © nae a" Whee Lieut {iN
4 ONFee Pera ‘+ ae i!
¥ 8 | 3 q ‘ i }
; t \
Juetion t Seomtoge SCM |

norms. beliefs matitutians. and behaviour Mere are a few notable extra sec retal
factors that have influenced sae wal change
Technotogreal Advancements: Tet hntwal advancement lechnologwal developments
hawe a big dmpact on ecrviligation New tedhnologies development and use could
hange how peaple mrteract live. work, and Gommunivate Fer instance the internet
and celtphones have altered how information 16 reverved, which has had an impact oF
how people communwate. learn and conduct business
Reonomic Forces Globalization, economic crises and changes in the employment
market are examples of economic pressures that can have an impadt on sec
development For instance, cultures, ideas, and products have migrated hevond
euttonal boundaries as a result of increased global connectivity Economie downturns
ean alter the way people are paid and the patterns of their employment. which can
have an effect on social structures and behaviour
Political Movements and Policies:Political movements and governmental policies
my serve as catalysts for social transformation For instance, the American civil
rights campaigns in the middle of the 20th century brought about significant judicial
and sovial changes, such as the repeal of segregation laws and the development of
opel liberties. Government health, education, and social welfare policies have an
effect on societal norms and practise
Cultural interchange and the Media: Cultural interchange can introduce novel ideas,

P beliefs, and lifestyles to a culture International travel and the media make this
feasible The media, which includes music. films. television, and the imternet, are
crucial for influencing public epinion and for disseminating cultural influences
Environmental Factors: Bnvironmental issues, like global warming and natural
disasters, can lead to social change These issues may lead te changes
environmental policy. practise, and attitudes towards sustainability and conservation
Demographic Changes:Social dynamics may be affected by changes im the
pepulation'’s size, compesition, and distribution. A society's cultural, sooial, and
evonomic environment might change as a result of factors including immigration,
urbanization. and variations in the birth and mortality rates
international Relations: Events and developments in the imternational arena,
invluding conflivts, treaties, and alliances, can have repercussions @n @ nation's
polivies and priorities, leading to social changes within that country
Pvents of Crisis: Crises like wars, pandemics, or natural disasters may compel
socwty to adapt and evolve in order to solve present issues These disasters typteally
neveseitate changes in public policy healtheare systems, and emergency response
pravedures
Cultural Diffusion; When cultural norms, belief’, and values are wanamitted from
one community te another, it may lead to the adoption ef new behaviour and
viewpoints. This might oeeur through trade, migration, or cultural exchange

OC opynght Virtual Linwornty of Pakwtan loa
