Sreteetion 1 Seciatag 11)

sore. botiets metitiitons antl behaviots Hem are oo few notatite eocti-dmrettl
thotom that have ttlvenced woroted stanpge

Feohnolagical Attvancements: fochincal ativancement Hoohnologien! developments
tee o tie impact on civilization New technologies development and ume cowl
Stange bow geaple mtcrol. live wotk and commumese Kor maienee. thie (tern
ant! cottphones have altered how information is ceoeived which hme had an iInpaot oF
thew peapic communioate team and conduct business

Reonomic Forces: Globalization. cconunic cetses and changes ih the employer
arke! are oxamples of economic pressures that can have an Impact on sHmlt
deedlopment Kot usuuice cultures. idews. and prodicts have migrited bepont
mitional boundaries aso result of increased global connectivity Economie devvntinn
a» alter the way people are paid and the patterns of thei employment whieh om
fave an effect on social structures and behaviour

Potitical Movements und Policies:Political mavernents and governmental gelter
fy serve as catalysts for social transformation For imstanco. the Amorioan oltell
igite campagne in the middie of the 20th century brought about significant ition
ait socia! changes auch as the repent af segregation lawe and the dewclopmiett ol
iil liberties Government health odnoation, and soca! wellire policies tawe am
sffeot on sooteta! norms and practise

Cultural interchunge aad the Media: Cultural mterchange oan introduce dowel diem
beliet® and lifosyies to @ culture International tmwel and the aecin make tie
feasitte Fhe media, which includes music films, television, and the intemeh are
wera! for mtluenctng public opinion and tor disseminating cultura nfluenoes
Environmental Factors: Knovironment#! eur. like global earming amt cement
Itseste an lead (> social change These msuce may lead (© chee i
environmental policy. practise and attitudes towards sustamability and conservation
Domographic Changes:Sooi! dynamics may be affected by changes in tite
Populations we composition and distribution A sootetys cultural, social, and
eonems environmen might change @ a result of frotom motuding mTimReNter
urheniaetion. and variations in the birth and mortality mites

fetermations) Relations: Events and developments in the «itemational arom
weluding conflict treaties, and alliances. oan have mpercussions on @ untiee
Hitters and arturities leading to social changes within that counte

Beents of Crist: Cres like warm pandemics or matura) dimastere omy comune
yemtels © achat and ovolve th onder (oO eolve prasen! inves These diseon qaptoallp
Hecommtiate change: in public policy Healthoare esters and eriegenny comport
Weocodurar
Cultural Diffusion: When cultura) norm, beltem and vaities are tromemnitted Mow
ee community ( another | may lea to the adaption of mew bohm amet
vowponits This mii! ccou through trade imigetion of oultunt oxotwnge

gascaggits Senta .
